fix: trust proxy ssl to forward session cookie (#1193)
jembi/openhim-core-js: config/config.md

    // The session secret key used for the hashing of signed cookie (used to detect if the client modified the cookie)
    // Signed cookie is another cookie of the same name with the .sig suffix appended
    "sessionKey": "r8q,+&1LM3)CD*zAGpx1xm{NeQhc;#",

>     // If OpenHIM is behind a proxy (should be `true` if the ssl is handled by the proxy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // If OpenHIM is behind a proxy (should be `true` if the proxy sends relevant Forwarded headers)
```
Just updated the wording a bit since it is not related solely to ssl but more being behind a proxy in general
